-[Mei grunts]
-[shatters]
c0000001
That was so heavy.
c0000002
Oh, man, when I'm around
sheltered girls,
c0000003
I can't help but let that bully
in me rear its ugly head.
c0000004
Here I am,
c0000005
born in a world
filled with gun smoke,
c0000006
barely surviving
by drinking muddy water,
c0000007
risking my life
on the battlefield.
c0000008
But not them, oh, no, no, no.
c0000009
The Empire
persecuted witches?
c0000010
Wrong.
c0000011
It's the witches who look down
on the rest of society!
c0000012
Those arrogant snots
piss me off!
c0000013
[glass scraping, clinking]
c0000014
[Kissing groans]
c0000015
[shuddered breathing]
c0000016
[MEI]
What a pleasant surprise!
c0000017
-[Kissing groans]
-My orders were
c0000018
to bring you back with a pulse.
c0000019
I'm glad you made it,
little girl.
c0000020
For the most part.
c0000021
[KISSING]
It, it hurts.
c0000022
My head. Is that...
c0000023
blood?
c0000024
Aah!
c0000025
I've been wondering
where your astral crest was.
c0000026
Turns out it's been hiding
in your eyes this whole time!
c0000027
[Mei chuckles]
c0000028
[KISSING]
Uncle On.
c0000029
Now I understand
what you meant.
c0000030
Nothing good can come from war.
c0000031
How can anything positive
c0000032
come from something
that hurts so much?
c0000033
What's that?
c0000034
Are you having
a change of heart?
c0000035
Yes.
c0000036
Let's put an end to this war
c0000037
by completely annihilating
the Imperial army!
c0000038
I'll to show you mercy
with a quick death.
c0000039
You're gonna show me mercy?
c0000040
Don't get too cocky,
little girl.
c0000041
You survived one blow.
c0000042
The next time
you hear a gunshot,
c0000043
this whole war'll be over.
c0000044
Yes, this war will be over
for all of you.
c0000045
[shattering]
c0000046
♪
c0000047
[ON] [groaning]
What?
c0000048
LAST CRUSADE:
THE UNFORGIVEN ONE
c0000049
[grunts]
c0000050
[RISYA]
Aw, that's too bad!
c0000051
If only I had pulled on this
just a moment sooner,
c0000052
I would've popped
your big head clean off!
c0000053
Oh, well,
c0000054
I'm just not used to glasses.
c0000055
[ON]
Imperial drones.
c0000056
You always vex me.
c0000057
You call us witches and demons
c0000058
with disdain on your tongue.
c0000059
Yet you, yourself,
use astral spirits.
c0000060
[RISYA]
Whoa, hey.
c0000061
You're venting
your frustrations
c0000062
to the wrong person.
c0000063
[ON]
Hm?
c0000064
Oh, come on, just think.
c0000065
Without your
royal family's help,
c0000066
we wouldn't be using
astral powers, would we?
c0000067
We knew there was a traitor
c0000068
lurking in the royal family.
c0000069
I'm a great listener
if you'd like to talk it out.
c0000070
[RISYA]
Ugh, you're just being obtuse.
c0000071
Look, I'll tell you who it is
if you can beat me.
c0000072
Do I really need
to spell it out or what?
c0000073
You're making me sound
cheesy right now.
c0000074
Ah. My apologies.
c0000075
That wasn't like me.
c0000076
[RISYA] Fourth generation
of the planet Thread.
c0000077
This doesn't exist
in the Sovereignty.
c0000078
It's a new type that was born
within the Empire's vortex.
c0000079
I bet you want all the secrets
locked away in my head.
c0000080
You're not going anywhere.
c0000081
Not when you are this close
to forbidden knowledge.
c0000082
With a beautiful lady
beckoning me to stay,
c0000083
walking away
would be ungentlemanly.
c0000084
[RISYA]
If I'm being perfectly honest,
c0000085
I don't hate your theatrics.
c0000086
They're charming.
c0000087
But I'd like to take a peek
behind the curtain
c0000088
and see your real face.
c0000089
You can wear a mask
all you want,
c0000090
but you can't hide your ugly,
cruel nature.
c0000091
It's there.
Very demon-like.
c0000092
Really?
Whatever do you mean?
c0000093
Show's over! I'll drag you
off stage by force if I must!
c0000094
Lovely, who doesn't love
a good curtain call?
c0000095
♪
c0000096
[NAMELESS]
Really?
c0000097
[GROWLEY] Though it won't take
any physical damage
c0000098
from your attacks,
c0000099
it can still interact
with objects in this world.
c0000100
[NAMELESS]
Sounds like you're bragging
c0000101
about your invincibility.
c0000102
[GROWLEY] Oh,
that's exactly what I'm doing.
c0000103
This is the astral spirit
of sin!
c0000104
[scoffs]
c0000105
[Growley grunts]
c0000106
[roaring]
c0000107
[NAMELESS] If I eliminate you,
wouldn't my sin also disappear?
c0000108
[GROWLEY]
On the contrary.
c0000109
Your sin would
multiply endlessly.
c0000110
-[NAMELESS] Take it.
-[arm clangs]
c0000111
[GROWLEY]
You gave up your arm.
c0000112
[NAMELESS]
It's a prosthetic anyway.
c0000113
-[thumps]
-[NAMELESS] Again?
c0000114
[GROWLEY] Your "second offense"
is even more grievous
c0000115
than your first
pitiful miscalculation.
c0000116
Your sin will swallow
you whole.
c0000117
♪
c0000118
[thumps]
c0000119
[GROWLEY]
Anti-astral grenade, huh?
c0000120
[NAMELESS] It may not take
physical damage,
c0000121
but the spirit itself can
receive astral damage, right?
c0000122
I've seen
your astral spirit now.
c0000123
Next time, I'll vanquish it.
c0000124
[GROWLEY] Do you think
I'll let you get away?
c0000125
♪
c0000126
[coughing, groaning]
c0000127
[GROWLEY]
Imperial scum.
c0000128
Curse you and your grenade!
c0000129
[groaning]
c0000130
[GROWLEY]
But you won't get far.
c0000131
The astral spirit of sin
is in motion.
c0000132
Inescapable and dogged
in its pursuit.
c0000133
It will follow you to the ends
of this nation and beyond!
c0000134
[Mismis panting]
c0000135
[grunts, groans]
c0000136
Don't step on the snow,
you hear me?
c0000137
Why? Jhin,
is everything all right?
c0000138
You're not in pain right now?
c0000139
No. Why would I be in any pain?
c0000140
-[Sisbell gasps]
-[JHIN] It's the snow.
c0000141
Feels like it bit me.
c0000142
-[all gasp]
-The path.
c0000143
If we go this way, it'll be
like walking through needles!
c0000144
Why do you think
I'm the only one
c0000145
being attacked by the snow?
c0000146
Huh?
c0000147
I don't know.
c0000148
[grunts] Some things
created by astral art
c0000149
can react a certain way
c0000150
depending on whether
one has astral energy or not.
c0000151
Just like
the doors and gadgets
c0000152
at the royal palace!
c0000153
Huh! Disregard
what I just said, please.
c0000154
Elaborate.
c0000155
This snow,
it will attack anyone
c0000156
who doesn't have
an astral crest on them!
c0000157
Hey, boss. you're up.
c0000158
[MISMIS]
I knew you'd say that!
c0000159
You work your captain
way too hard!
c0000160
You're lucky.
I'm such a nice boss!
c0000161
[JHIN]
You're doing great, boss.
c0000162
Keep kicking the snow away.
c0000163
Now then.
Light 'em up.
c0000164
[gunshots]
c0000165
[shattering]
c0000166
-[Jhin grunts]
-Good shot, Jhin!
c0000167
[MISMIS]
This way, you guys!
c0000168
There's one room way
in the back that's empty!
c0000169
[JHIN] Nene. Walk exactly
where the boss has walked.
c0000170
Don't touch the snow,
or else!
c0000171
[NENE] [panting]
Got it!
c0000172
-[grunts]
-[door thuds]
c0000173
[groaning]
c0000174
She's one persistent old lady.
c0000175
[GRUGELL] You can run,
but you can't hide!
c0000176
You may be faster than me,
but you're in my world.
c0000177
And every step you take
is pressed into the snow
c0000178
like a map
that leads me to you!
c0000179
-[Sisbell gasps]
-Stay quiet!
c0000180
[GRUGELL] [chuckles]
Do it.
c0000181
-[thuds]
-[shattering]
c0000182
[GRUGELL]
Crush the Imperial soldiers.
c0000183
Only Lady Sisbell shall...
c0000184
She shall...
What?
c0000185
♪
c0000186
[GRUGELL]
Where is she?
c0000187
[JHIN]
Right behind ya, you old hag.
c0000188
We weren't hiding in
the last room like you thought.
c0000189
We were in the room
just before it.
c0000190
[MISMIS] There's one room
way in the back that's empty!
c0000191
[GRUGELL] But you lot left
an entire trail of footprints!
c0000192
Yeah, but then we backtracked.
c0000193
After we made footprints
that led all the way
c0000194
to the back room,
c0000195
we stopped there
and turned around,
c0000196
then walked on top
of our own tracks.
c0000197
[GRUGELL] Sneaky rats,
damn Imperial soldie--
c0000198
-[Grugell groans]
-Underestimate our captain
c0000199
and you pay the price.
c0000200
Wow, your plan worked so well.
c0000201
Does this mean we're safe now?
c0000202
[sighs]
c0000203
[JHIN] This isn't the time
to feel safe.
c0000204
We need to head
downstairs, fast!
c0000205
[ALL]
Hm.
c0000206
Now then...if you'll excuse me,
good sir.
c0000207
[ISKA]
You're leaving?
c0000208
Yes. The Imperial army
is attacking the palace.
c0000209
The head of house should
make an appearance, right?
c0000210
I commend you
for your performance.
c0000211
Hats off to you, bravo!
c0000212
But...it seems
c0000213
we were able
to complete our mission!
c0000214
[ISKA]
What does he mean by that?
c0000215
Has he already gotten
his hands on Sisbell?
c0000216
Or could he be bluffing?
c0000217
You think I'll let you leave?
c0000218
[Talisman laughs]
c0000219
-[ISKA] What the hell?
[TALISMAN] Good instincts.
c0000220
You've got your guard up
after sensing
c0000221
the movement beneath you
is not the same
c0000222
as my wave astral art.
c0000223
Well, those instincts
were right,
c0000224
this isn't my astral art.
c0000225
[ISKA] This phenomenon.
What is it?
c0000226
I've seen it before.
c0000227
Mere moments ago,
c0000228
I spoke to a witch who escaped
from prison some time ago.
c0000229
[ISKA]
A witch?
c0000230
A lady you are
quite familiar with.
c0000231
[ISKA]
Hang on.
c0000232
[TALISMAN]
You got us once before,
c0000233
I'll give you that.
c0000234
But it was a massive error
in judgment
c0000235
to think an inquisition
quarantine room
c0000236
could contain her.
c0000237
After all,
she isn't human anymore.
c0000238
She's blossomed
into a true witch.
c0000239
[ISKA]
Attraction force?
c0000240
Witch? Gravity?
Could it be...?
c0000241
Farewell, friend.
c0000242
Loving Saint Disciple.
c0000243
Hey!
c0000244
Vichyssoise.
c0000245
[VICHYSSOISE]
Super Cannon.
c0000246
Corpse Magic Bullet.
c0000247
[Mismis groaning]
c0000248
[gasps]
c0000249
[whimpers]
c0000250
What happened?
c0000251
The entire room is blown apart.
c0000252
-[JHIN] Hey, boss.
-[gasps]
c0000253
When I said we needed
to go downstairs "fast,"
c0000254
I didn't mean to blow up
the whole freakin' floor.
c0000255
Why would this be me?
c0000256
I'm just bustin' your chops.
c0000257
I'm betting it was the Hydras.
c0000258
Hang on, where'd she go?
c0000259
[both gasp]
c0000260
[Vichyssoise laughing]
c0000261
I've done it!
Sisbell has been captured!
c0000262
What? No!
c0000263
Hm? Oh.
c0000264
The Empire.
Soldiers, eh?
c0000265
[ALL]
Lady Sisbell, no!
c0000266
[gasps]
c0000267
Give her back!
c0000268
Stop this!
c0000269
She is our nation's
greatest treasure, you fiend!
c0000270
I've got some bad news.
c0000271
Your master's
never coming back.
c0000272
She's ours!
c0000273
Shut up!
Release our lady, right now!
c0000274
Or die, you monster!
c0000275
You idiot.
Stand down!
c0000276
Witch! Give Lady Sisbell back!
c0000277
-Right now!
-[groans]
c0000278
[Yumilecia grunts]
c0000279
[groaning]
c0000280
It hurts! Hm!
c0000281
Nope! Just kidding!
c0000282
[gasps]
c0000283
-[Yumilecia groaning]
-[sword clanking]
c0000284
[groaning]
c0000285
[VICHYSSOISE]
You have such a cute face.
c0000286
Nothing but the best
for the Lou family.
c0000287
They sure know how to pick 'em.
c0000288
Such a shame.
c0000289
Makes me wanna crush you more.
c0000290
[gasps]
c0000291
No. Stop this!
c0000292
No way!
You can't make me!
c0000293
[ISKA]
Hey! Vichyssoise!
c0000294
Huh.
[gasps]
c0000295
-Iska's here!
-Welcome back!
c0000296
You're alive?
Impossible!
c0000297
When you attacked me,
c0000298
I released Talisman's wave!
c0000299
[chuckles]
c0000300
You may have saved yourself
back there, brave knight.
c0000301
But you're a bit
too late, here!
c0000302
-[grunts]
-[VICHYSSOISE] Saint Disciple.
c0000303
Laters!
c0000304
Huh! Lady Sisbell!
c0000305
Yumilecia! It's too late now!
c0000306
Hands off, soldier boy!
c0000307
If a servant
can't protect her master,
c0000308
then what good is she?
c0000309
-Don't worry, we'll save her.
-[gasps]
c0000310
You go get everyone
outta here, then hide!
c0000311
[grunts] And why should
we ever trust you?
c0000312
Lady Sisbell was kidnapped
c0000313
while you just stood
there, remember?
c0000314
-[gunshot]
-[gasps]
c0000315
Tough talk from the girl
who was taken hostage.
c0000316
-Huh.
-He saved you.
c0000317
Why do you think Iska
called that thing's name
c0000318
to distract it?
c0000319
If it hadn't been for him,
c0000320
your face would've
been crushed.
c0000321
Hm...
Hm.
c0000322
You can trust me.
c0000323
We'll get Sisbell back.
c0000324
I promise.
c0000325
[gasps]
c0000326
If I fail you,
c0000327
you have my permission
to kill me.
c0000328
[gasps]
c0000329
I can't go into detail.
c0000330
But we came to the Sovereignty
c0000331
on a mission
to protect Sisbell.
c0000332
Even if it cost us our lives.
c0000333
If you want to protect her,
c0000334
trust me, and please do
as I say for now.
c0000335
-Hm.
c0000336
-[rumbling]
-[all gasp]
c0000337
We should leave now.
The palace is collapsing!
c0000338
-Quick! Move out!
-[both gasp]
c0000339
-Right!
c0000340
You promise to do as I say,
c0000341
I'll let go of your hand
right now.
c0000342
[rumbling]
c0000343
[YUMILECIA]
Yeah, I promise.
c0000344
Just tonight.
c0000345
If we get Lady Sisbell back,
c0000346
I'll agree to whatever deal
that I must.
c0000347
Hmm.
c0000348
[shattering]
c0000349
♪
c0000350
[ALICE]
Rin, what's taking you so long?
c0000351
Please, I haven't heard
from you in a while.
c0000352
[RIN]
Lady Alice!
c0000353
Rin? I'm glad you're all right!
c0000354
Are the wounded in safe hands?
c0000355
Yes! They're currently
receiving treatment
c0000356
back at Lou's shelter.
c0000357
[KISASAGE]
Lady Alice!
c0000358
[tires screeching]
c0000359
A Saint Disciple,
in the Queen's Hall!
c0000360
You're kidding me!
c0000361
-Hm.
c0000362
Alice, I know what you think.
c0000363
As long as you're there,
you can protect everything
c0000364
from falling apart.
c0000365
Repel their army,
and save the queen.
c0000366
Your strong spirit
gives you that confidence.
c0000367
For all your people,
you have a benevolent soul.
c0000368
If it means protecting
the Sovereignty,
c0000369
you have the ability
to suppress your emotions,
c0000370
drown out your fears,
c0000371
summon the strength to fight
mercilessly to the end.
c0000372
These traits are wonderful
for a leader to have.
c0000373
But it won't do.
c0000374
Your way only creates
a paradise
c0000375
for the strong to survive.
c0000376
Your idealism,
c0000377
it's a byproduct
of your undeniable strength.
c0000378
You can't save all astral mages
with narrow focus.
c0000379
Speaking for everyone
who wasn't blessed
c0000380
with a strong astral spirit.
c0000381
I shall see that
this false paradise
c0000382
burns to the ground.
c0000383
Etch this
into your memory, Alice.
c0000384
Feel the despair.
c0000385
As I die,
c0000386
slain by Imperials
you can't stop.
c0000387
♪
c0000388
-[gasps]
-What?
c0000389
[roaring]
c0000390
[thuds]
c0000391
Wait, Grandfather!
c0000392
Please let me deal
with these soldiers myself!
c0000393
If the little girl's thorns
don't work on that thing,
c0000394
I'm guessing that
it's pure astral energy.
c0000395
Which makes it invulnerable
to taking damage
c0000396
from my physical attacks.
c0000397
Tell me I'm right,
my nameless friend.
c0000398
[NAMELESS]
It's an avatar
c0000399
created by a so-called
"spirit of sin."
c0000400
In short,
it's basically invincible.
c0000401
Wh...? Aw, you lost
your left arm?
c0000402
[NAMELESS]
I'll get him next time.
c0000403
[laughing]
c0000404
Well, isn't that the sweetest?
c0000405
Gwandpa stepped in to save
his wittle gwandaughter.
c0000406
I think I might actually cry!
c0000407
I hate you beyond words.
Truly.
c0000408
Huh.
c0000409
[ON] Kissing.
You must return at once.
c0000410
[KISSING]
Uncle On?
c0000411
[ON]
Something unexpected happened.
c0000412
I'm going to stop now
and head back as well.
c0000413
Like what?
c0000414
[ON]
It's Elletear.
c0000415
She's headed
to the Queen's Hall.
c0000416
What?
That's impossible.
c0000417
She useless in a fight,
her power's not for combat.
c0000418
Why would she
choose now to leave?
c0000419
[ON]
Good question.
c0000420
There's a shelter
near her location.
c0000421
I thought she would
have gone there.
c0000422
-[glass shattering]
-[Johaim groans]
c0000423
[MILLAVAIR]
This room was sundered
c0000424
by an air scythe that can slice
c0000425
the Imperial army's
bombers in half.
c0000426
How could you possibly
survive that?
c0000427
That's impressive.
c0000428
Great show of force.
c0000429
An attack fit
for the descendants
c0000430
of the Founder.
c0000431
Anyone targets
your weak points,
c0000432
and it counters.
Useful, indeed!
c0000433
I asked how you survived,
and nothing more.
c0000434
That's who I am.
c0000435
Next time, you're done.
c0000436
I don't appreciate the way
you grimace at me.
c0000437
In my wealth of experience,
looks can kill.
c0000438
So I want you gone.
c0000439
Lost in the tempest of wind.
c0000440
Impact, God and World of Wind,
Mandala.
c0000441
[wind whooshing]
c0000442
You misjudged me,
as I thought you would.
c0000443
[gasps]
c0000444
Your wind evades anything
with astral energy.
c0000445
This is to avoid
hurting your own people.
c0000446
That was your undoing.
c0000447
[gasps]
c0000448
[MILLAVAIR] It was you.
You're the traitor?
c0000449
That's right.
c0000450
I betrayed you
to change this nation.
c0000451
You wouldn't do it,
and someone had to.
c0000452
I knew who you really were.
c0000453
But you only saw me
as an enemy soldier
c0000454
because you were
blinded by power.
c0000455
That's the difference!
c0000456
-[sword clanging]
-[groans]
c0000457
This is it.
c0000458
Our nation's turning point!
c0000459
[gasps]
c0000460
[Elletear groaning]
c0000461
[Elletear gasping]
c0000462
-[blood splashing]
-[groans]
c0000463
[shuddered breathing]
Run.
c0000464
You have to escape, Mother.
c0000465
Please, you must leave.
[groans]
c0000466
-[thuds]
-[groans]
c0000467
[gasps]
No. Elletear.
c0000468
It's Elletear and Mother.
c0000469
What have you done to them?
c0000470
[sword clanging]
c0000471
This nation has fallen.
c0000472
[ALICE]
It can't.
c0000473
Saint Disciple?
c0000474
No, he doesn't matter.
c0000475
I was too soft.
c0000476
I'm the reason
Mother and Elletear
c0000477
are bleeding out on the floor.
c0000478
I should have never
let my guard down.
c0000479
Imperials are meant to die.
c0000480
Would you like to join them?
c0000481
[ALICE] You scoundrels
are all the same!
c0000482
That freezing air.
c0000483
The Ice Calamity Witch.
c0000484
[ALICE]
Yes, that's right.
c0000485
A witch.
c0000486
The Ice Calamity herself.
c0000487
Your whole Empire will freeze.
c0000488
Including you!
c0000489
No, stop!
Lady Alice!
c0000490
Huh?
c0000491
[JOHAIM]
You fail to grasp this reality.
c0000492
I've captured a pureblood.
c0000493
Now, I shall leave.
c0000494
Silence, you cur!
c0000495
This ends now!
c0000496
You'll never make it out
of here in one piece,
c0000497
so help me!
c0000498
Is that so?
c0000499
[ALICE]
You're running?
c0000500
There is a hidden passageway
in the back,
c0000501
but it'll never open
unless a descendant
c0000502
of the Founder touches it.
c0000503
But I have a key.
c0000504
Huh!
c0000505
♪
c0000506
-[rumbling]
-[sword clinking]
c0000507
Scumbag!
c0000508
How dare you use my sister
like she's your tool!
c0000509
[JOHAIM]
I'm putting her to good use.
c0000510
Ugh! Mother!
[gasps]
c0000511
Rin, will she be all right?
c0000512
The laceration on her left arm
is down to the bone.
c0000513
She needs a surgical suture,
right away.
c0000514
♪
c0000515
Right.
You take the lead on this.
c0000516
I trust you to do
what you think is best.
c0000517
[grunts]
c0000518
Yes, ma'am.
c0000519
Where is he?
c0000520
♪
c0000521
I won't let him get away
with my sister!
c0000522
-Huh.
-[tires screeching]
c0000523
Lady Alice, please get in!
c0000524
[ALICE]
Warvick!
c0000525
You can thank Miss Rin.
c0000526
She said you could use
a driver.
c0000527
She's a lifesaver.
c0000528
Let's go, hit the gas!
c0000529
-Right!
-[tires screeching]
c0000530
-[engine revving]
c0000531
[ALICE]
Please hurry!
c0000532
Elletear's wound
is life-threatening!
c0000533
I'm very aware of that,
but...then what?
c0000534
-[engine revving]
-[tires screeching]
c0000535
[ALICE]
Here's what we're going to do.
c0000536
We need to get that car
c0000537
and immediately head
to the hospital.
c0000538
Yes, of course.
c0000539
[ALICE] But...if it's too late
for Elletear,
c0000540
we need to head back
to the palace right away.
c0000541
[WARVICK] Is it because you
want to get back to the queen?
c0000542
Not quite.
c0000543
I must crush the Imperial army.
c0000544
[gasps]
c0000545
Understood.
c0000546
♪
c0000547
[tires screeching]
c0000548
-[gunshots]
-[WARVICK] Lady Alice,
c0000549
please hang on!
c0000550
Ugh!
[grunts]
c0000551
♪
c0000552
-Drive Faster!
-Right!
c0000553
[engine revving]
c0000554
[gasps]
No, stop!
c0000555
-[tires screeching]
-[explosion]
c0000556
[glass shattering]
c0000557
[ALICE]
Was this also a trap?
c0000558
He made it look like he was
carrying Elletear out.
c0000559
[wind howling]
c0000560
[WARVICK] [groans]
Lady Alice.
c0000561
[panting]
Wake up, please.
c0000562
-Hm.
-My Lady Alice.
c0000563
[groaning]
c0000564
Warvick.
c0000565
Glad you're all right, ma'am.
c0000566
[grunts]
c0000567
[thudding]
c0000568
[fire crackles]
c0000569
Warvick, did...
Did you shield me?
c0000570
[fire crackles]
c0000571
I'll call and get you help!
c0000572
Hey, Rin!
Send a medical team, stat!
c0000573
Like, now!
c0000574
Lady Alice?
I'll send them right away!
c0000575
Counting on it.
c0000576
Huh.
c0000577
[fire crackles]
c0000578
[whimpers]
c0000579
[gasps]
c0000580
It's not fair!
c0000581
I was supposed
to save everyone.
c0000582
But Mother, and Elletear.
[crying]
c0000583
And even Warvick.
c0000584
I failed.
[crying]
c0000585
It's wrong.
c0000586
They're all dying and nothing
is going my way!
c0000587
I put out the fires
in the palace,
c0000588
raced to the Queen's Hall,
c0000589
desperate to protect Mother.
c0000590
I chased down that murderer.
c0000591
I hunted him all the way
here to get my sister back.
c0000592
[fire crackles]
c0000593
But I have failed.
c0000594
Right at the end.
c0000595
[crying]
c0000596
In this critical moment,
c0000597
when they needed me most,
c0000598
I couldn't save
c0000599
one single person.
c0000600
This army.
c0000601
No.
c0000602
Every facet of the Empire.
c0000603
Hear me now.
c0000604
If tearing me down
and destroying the people
c0000605
I love is your intention,
c0000606
then I will never forgive you!
c0000607
Prepare yourselves.
c0000608
You're next.
c0000609
And I won't fail
at getting my revenge.
c0000610
[ISKA]
Alice!
c0000611
Huh?
c0000612
[panting]
c0000613
You're alive.
c0000614
[fire crackles]
c0000615
[ALICE] [whimpering]
Iska.